New page for offenses and slashes (#5878)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-parachains-protocol.md

- Detection: the bad block must be detected by honest validators.
- Escalation: the honest validators must start a [dispute](#disputes).

> - Consequences: all involved malicious validators are [slashed](./learn-offenses.md).

Reviewer: Currently the backer taken on the full responsibility.

```suggestion
- Consequences: the backer for that parablock is [slashed](./learn-offenses.md).
```

include something invalid is caught and the offending validators are punished.

> Signed negative statements will lead to a dispute, and if there are false negatives, whoever will be

Reviewer: Let's focus on the classic disputes and not cover the false negatives here.

Author: remvoved
